Privacy Policy

The website located at internet addresses sure.im, tigase.im, jabber.me and subdomains of those and other DNS domains registered by users on the service (the “Site”) is a copyrighted work belonging to Tigase, Inc. (“Tigase”, “us” or “we”). Tigase provides Tigase Messenger, a smartphone and a web messenger software application, and related services (collectively, “Tigase Messenger”).

We at Tigase are committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy describes how we collect, store, use and disclose Personal Information (defined below) from individuals who use the Site or Tigase Messenger.  By using the Site or Tigase Messenger you consent to the processing of your Personal Information as described in this Privacy Policy. 

Privacy Policy Version Date: May 11, 2012 

1. General

1.1 Children. 

We do not intentionally gather Personal Information about visitors who are under the age of 13.

1.2 Users Outside of the United States and Canada. 

Your Personal Information may be processed in the country in which it was collected and in other countries, including the United States and/or Canada, where laws regarding processing of Personal Information may be less stringent than the laws in your country.

2. Collection of Information

"Personal Information" is personally identifiable information such as your name, address, telephone number and e-mail address and any other non-public information about you that is associated with or linked to any of the foregoing information. We collect Personal Information from you on our Site and when you use Tigase Messenger as described below.

2.1 Accounts. 

We will ask you to provide your first and last name and email address, and to choose a user name and password when you register for an account on Tigase. After downloading Tigase Messenger you will also be asked to verify your account via email.

2.2 Suggested Friends Feature.

(a) Tigase Messenger includes a “you may know” feature and a “find more people on Tigase” feature (collectively, the “Suggested Friends Feature”), which uses your address book contacts to help you connect with your friends by making suggestions to you and your friends. The Suggested Friends Feature is optional. When you sign up with Tigase Messenger for the first time you are prompted to indicate whether you want to receive these “you may know” messages. If you elect to receive “you may know” messages, Tigase Messenger will access and upload the emails addresses (but not names) from your mobile device address book to Tigase’s servers, and check if those email addresses are registered to a Tigase user. Tigase will hash the email addresses from your mobile device address book before uploading them to Tigase’s servers. If an email address is registered to a Tigase user, Tigase will (a) inform you of the Tigase user’s first and last name (as registered on Tigase) and Tigase username and (b) inform that Tigase user of your first and last name (as registered on Tigase) and Tigase username, after which you can add them to your Tigase Contacts. Emails are not shared in this process. After this process is complete, Tigase will promptly delete your address book information from its databases. We will retain your email address in hashed format to provide the Suggested Friends Feature. Other users may similarly use the “you may know” feature to connect with you.

(b) You may also use the Suggested Friends Feature at a later time to rescan your address book contacts to check for new friends who have joined Tigase Messenger through the “Find more people on Tigase” button at the bottom of your Contacts. If you use the “Find more people on Tigase” button, Tigase will scan your address book contacts and present you with people that you may know (as described in Section 2.2(a) above), after which you can add them to your Tigase Contacts. Other users may similarly use the “Find more people on Tigase” feature to connect with you.

(c) By indicating that you want to receive “you may know” messages or using the “Find more people on Tigase” button, you hereby opt in to use the Suggested Friends Feature and consent to Tigase’s use of your contact information and address book information, as described above.

2.3 Profile Picture. 

Tigase Messenger includes a profile picture feature that allows you to add a profile picture to your account, which is associate with your Tigase username. If you elect to use this feature, other users will be able to see your profile picture. 

2.4 Messages. 

Tigase Messenger may be used to send messages between users. If you send a message to one or more other user(s), we will retain the message sender and recipient data (but not the message) and associate it with your Tigase user name. We will delete the message promptly after the message has been delivered to the intended recipient(s). If the message is not delivered, we may retain it on our system. 

2.5 Pictures. 

Tigase Messenger may be used to send pictures between users. If you send a picture to one or more other user(s), we will retain that picture on your behalf, associate it with your Tigase user name, and disclose that picture to the intended recipient(s). 

2.6 Groups. 

Tigase Messenger allows you to send messages and pictures to more than one user, by simply adding the user to your Tigase Messenger conversation. Once a user is added to a conversation, such user will receive all messages sent as part of that conversation.

2.7 Third Party Applications. 

Tigase may permit certain third party applications to provide content through Tigase Messenger (“Third Party Apps”). Tigase Messenger may be used to send content provided by the Third Party App between users who have the Third Party App installed on their smartphone. For example, if you have a Third Party App installed, you may choose to share the Third Party App’s content with another user. When you elect to do so, the Third Party App will have access to your name and the intended recipient’s name and will send a message to the intended recipient. When the intended recipient receives the message, the recipient will be directed to the Third Party App (if the recipient has the Third Party App installed) or to the Third Party App’s download page (if the recipient does not have the Third Party App installed). If the recipient loads the Third Party App, the recipient will have access to your name, the recipient’s name, and the Third Party App’s content sent by you. 

2.8 Public Profiles. 

The Site and the Tigase Messenger will display your first name, last name, Tigase username, and profile picture. Your public profile will be displayed at www.sure.im and within the Tigase Messenger to anyone who knows your username.

2.9 Other Information You Provide. 

We may also collect Personal Information from time to time through other communications with you (e.g., email), information downloads, product or service purchases, user support, feedback, surveys and forums. If you post any information to a public forum, you understand that other users will be able to see it.

2.10 Information Collected Via Technology. 

To make our Site and Tigase Messenger more useful to you, our servers (which may be hosted by a third party service provider) collect information about you and your mobile device and such information may be associated with your Tigase username. Such information may include what type of device you have, if you have an iphone, your iphone device IDs and push tokens, if you have an android device, a generated android device id internal to Tigase Mesenger, Internet Protocol (IP) address of the tcp connection for each authentication request the date/time stamp for various Tigase Messenger activities, and other similar diagnostic logs. We may also use Cookies (as defined below) and navigational data like Uniform Resource Locators (URL) to gather information regarding the date and time of your visit and the solutions and information for which you searched and which you viewed. “Cookies” are small pieces of information that a website sends to your computer or smart phone while you are viewing a web site. We may use both session Cookies (which expire once you close your web browser) and persistent Cookies (which stay on your computer until you delete them) to provide you with a more personal and interactive experience on our Site. Persistent Cookies can be removed by following Internet browser help file directions. If you choose to disable Cookies, some areas of our Site may not work properly. Like most companies, we automatically gather the information described above (“Technology Data”) and store it in log files each time you visit our Site or use the Tigase Messenger.

3. Use of Information

3.1 Generally, we collect, store, use and disclose information to enable us to provide the Site and Tigase Messenger, create your account, identify you as a user, respond to your inquiries and emails, improve the Site and Tigase Messenger, send you administrative and service related communications, and send you newsletters, surveys, offers, and other promotional materials. Except as set out in this Privacy Policy, your Personal Information will not be used for any other purpose without informing you first by updating this Privacy Policy. See further Amendment of this Policy. 

3.2 Except for the limited disclosures described in this Privacy Policy, we don't sell customer lists and we will endeavor to keep your email address private. 

3.3 Anonymous aggregate statistics that do not personally identify a Tigase user will be kept and used by us for various purposes including analysis and reporting of usage patterns. Tigase reserves the right to use and disclose anonymous aggregate statistics for any purpose and to any third party in its sole discretion.

4. Disclosures & Transfers

In addition to the disclosures described in Section 2, we may additionally disclose your information as follows:

4.1 Our servers are located in the United States, Canada and Europe and as such your Personal Information may be available to the U.S., Canadian and European government or its agencies under a lawful order made in that country, irrespective of the safeguards we have put in place for the protection of your Personal Information.

4.2 From time to time we may employ third parties to help us provide or improve our Site and Tigase Messenger. These third parties may have limited access to databases of Site user information or registered member information solely for the purpose of helping us provide or improve the Site and Tigase Messenger and they will not be able to use the information about our members or visitors for any other purpose.

4.3 We may disclose Personal Information in some other limited circumstances, but we will specifically describe them to you when we collect the information, such as in the terms of use for a new service or by revising this Privacy Policy.

4.4 We may, and you hereby authorize us to, disclose your Personal Information (including messages) to a third party without your consent: (a) if we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to or interference with (either intentionally or unintentionally) our rights or property, other website users, or anyone else (including the rights or property of anyone else) that could be harmed by such activities, (b) in connection with any legal investigation, and/or (c) when we believe in good faith that such disclosure is required by and in accordance with the law or to respond to subpoenas or warrants served on Tigase.

4.5 We may also disclose your Personal Information in connection with a corporate re-organization, a merger or acquisition with another entity, or a sale of all or a substantial portion of our assets or stock provided that the information disclosed continues to be used for the purposes permitted by this Privacy Policy by the entity acquiring the information. Although we currently do not have a parent company, any subsidiaries, joint ventures, or other companies under a common control (collectively, “Affiliates”), we may in the future. We may share some or all of your Personal Information with these Affiliates, in which case we will require our Affiliates to honor this Privacy Policy. 

5. Third Party Websites

5.1 When you click on a link to any other website or location, you will leave our Site and go to another site and another entity may collect Personal Information or anonymous data from you. We have no control over, do not review, and cannot be responsible for, these outside websites or their content. Please be aware that the terms of this Privacy Policy do not apply to these outside websites or content, or to any collection of data after you click on links to such outside websites.

6. Security

6.1 The security of your Personal Information is important to us. We use commercially reasonable efforts to store and maintain your Personal Information in a secure environment and have implemented commercially reasonable procedures designed to limit unauthorized access, use or disclosure of your Personal Information. Despite these measures, you should know that Tigase cannot fully eliminate security risks associated with Personal Information.

6.2 You are also responsible for helping to protect the security of your Personal Information. For instance, never give out your password, and remember to log out of your account when you are finished using Tigase Messenger.

7. Choices, Modifications, and Retention

7.1 When you receive newsletters, surveys, offers, and other promotional materials from us, you may indicate a preference to stop receiving further communications from us and you will have the opportunity to “opt-out” by following the unsubscribe instructions provided in the e-mail you receive or by contacting us directly (please see contact information below). Despite your indicated e-mail preferences, we may send you service related communication, including notices of any updates to our Terms of Use or Privacy Policy.

7.2 You may change your first name, last name, email address, and profile picture (but not username) within Tigase Messenger. You may request deletion of your Personal Information by us, but please note that we may be required to keep this information and not delete it (or to keep this information for a certain time, in which case we will comply with your deletion request only after we have fulfilled such requirements). When we delete any information, it will be deleted from the active database, but may remain in our archives. We may retain your Technology Data on our system. We will retain your other Personal Information for as long as it remains necessary for the identified purpose or as required by law, which may extend beyond the termination of our relationship with you.

8.Amendment of this Policy

8.1 This Privacy Policy is subject to occasional revision, and if we make any substantial changes in the way we use your Personal Information, we will notify you by sending you an e-mail to the last e-mail address you provided to us and/or by prominently posting notice of the changes on our Site. Any changes to this Privacy Policy will be effective upon the earlier of thirty (30) calendar days following our dispatch of an e-mail notice to you or thirty (30) calendar days following our posting of notice of the changes on our Site. These changes will be effective immediately for new users of our Site or Tigase Messenger. Please note that at all times you are responsible for updating your Personal Information to provide us with your most current e-mail address. In the event that the last e-mail address that you have provided us is not valid, or for any reason is not capable of delivering to you the notice described above, our dispatch of the e-mail containing such notice will nonetheless constitute effective notice of the changes described in the notice. In any event, changes to this Privacy Policy may affect our use of Personal Information that you provided us prior to our notification to you of the changes. If you do not wish to permit changes in our use of your Personal Information, you must notify us prior to the effective date of the changes that you wish to deactivate your account with us. Continued use of our Site or Tigase Messenger, following notice of such changes shall indicate your acknowledgement of such changes and agreement to be bound by the terms and conditions of such changes. The date on which the latest update was made is indicated at the top of this document. We recommend that you print a copy of this Privacy Policy for your reference and revisit this policy from time to time to ensure you are aware of any changes. 

9.Contact Us

9.1 You can help by keeping us informed of any changes such as a change of address or telephone number. If you have any questions, comments or suggestions or if you find any errors in our information about you, please contact us at:

Community Manager
Tigase, Inc.
900 Kearny Street, Suite 228
San Francisco
CA 94133
help@sure.im

9.2 We take compliance with the privacy laws seriously and if you have a complaint concerning our compliance we will investigate your complaint and if it is justified, we will take appropriate measures.